Clarify that RUM geo.* attributes are derived from client IP, not device GPS (#36213)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/data_collected/android.mdoc.md

### Geolocation

> The following attributes are related to the geolocation of IP addresses. These attributes are resolved server-side from the client IP address on the intake connection. The SDK does not access the device's GPS or OS location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following attributes are related to the geolocation of IP addresses. Datadog resolves these attributes server-side from the client IP address on the intake connection. The SDK does not access the device's GPS or OS location.
```
Changed to the active voice here.

Reviewer: Does this mean that:
> on mobile networks, the IP address may resolve to the carrier's gateway rather than the device's physical location?

Should this be mentioned in the docs?

Author: @iadjivon Thank you for the comment!
Eng team confirm it should be mentioned in the docs.
https://dd.slack.com/archives/CLDMUSVUZ/p1776958323761929?thread_ts=1776833523.834179&cid=CLDMUSVUZ

Author: @iadjivon I added the Note  [9e73e04](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/36213/commits/9e73e049b0e7d25d22d18cc454f298fb71d34274)! Please review it when you have time. Thank you!

### Geolocation

The following attributes are related to the geolocation of IP addresses. Datadog resolves these attributes server-side from the client IP address on the intake connection. The SDK does not access the device's GPS or OS location.

> **Note**: On mobile networks, the IP address may resolve to the carrier's gateway rather than the device's physical location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: On mobile networks, the IP address resolves to the carrier's gateway rather than the device's physical location.
```

Since we are saying that it "**does not** access the device's GPS or OS location" should we remove the "may" and make it more certain that it resolves (rather than may resolve) to the carrier's gateway?
